
What EventLite site may look like (as much as it informs the EventCatalogApi Domain/Models)

    Any edits apparent for Domain/Model classes?


Step through microservices building outline/roadmap
Identify which steps apply to assignment 3a (catalog microservice)
Noting steps we pass by which we will probably do in later parts

    Features the JewelsOnContainer ProductCatalogApi microservice provides (to the WebMVC)

    What features does the EventCatalogApi need?
        What will WebMVC need for the envisioned views?
        What will the other (cart/order?) microservice need?
(or wait and add this when we’ve covered cart/order/inter-microservice communication)

Propose some APIs
Interface contracts


Now any other edits apparent for Domain/Model classes?




Is anything missing from the high-level of the steps relevant for finishing 3a?


How to break up the work into three pieces


For each mini-assignment/Task:

Step #1:
    Write pseudocode for the steps your code will do (very casual English, short phrases) 
    What data do you need? How will you access the data? What is the type of that/those object(s)?
    What actions/steps must your code perform? What is the rationale for these actions? What would happen if these actions weren’t taken?
    If you are writing a method that returns an object, describe the meaning of the object being returned.
    Strive to get feedback from another teammate, a TA, or someone else before coding it

Step #2:
    Convert your pseudocode to code

Step #3:
    If what you’ve written/finished is an API method, use Postman to test





Challenge for Assignment 3:
Avoid writing code (or copypasta) that you don’t understand what it does
Or, if you must, do it and then commit to figuring it out in the soon future (say, within a week)
    Don’t miss the opportunity
    ...unless it’s HTML, JS or CSS, then it’s ok to copy/paste without understanding it...in fact, I encourage it



Formulate highest-impact questions for assignment 3a



Identify which date for:
Make sure you can build and run Kal’s code commit on X date (covers what we need for assn 3a)
    How to make a branch from a specific commit
Minimum IIS Express, Entity Framework
